Terms of Use

Physioh, Inc. and its affiliates (“Physioh Inc.,” “we” or “us”) provide online and desktop app services, including, but not limited to the Physioh Inc. website (“Physioh.com” or the “Site”), widgets, computer programs and software applications hosted by or on behalf of Physioh Inc. (collectively, the “Physioh Inc.  Services”) intended to enhance a consumer’s use of the personal fitness services offered by Physioh Inc.  (the “Physioh Inc.  Products”). THIS IS A LEGAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND PHYSIOH, INC. AND GOVERNS YOUR USE OF THE PHYSIOH INC.  SERVICES. Subject to your acceptance of and adherence to these Terms of Use (the “Terms of Use”), Physioh Inc.  hereby grants you a limited, non-exclusive license to utilize the Physioh Inc. services as set forth herein. The terms “you” and “user” shall refer to all individuals and entities that access the Physioh Inc. Products and Services.
By your affirmative actions of registering for and/or using the Physioh Inc.  Services, you signify your agreement to these Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy and consent to allow Physioh Inc. to communicate with you electronically regarding the Physioh Inc. Services.
Modifications to the Terms of Use
We may make changes to the Terms of Use from time to time. A link to the most current Terms of Use will be available on the Physioh Inc.  home page and we will indicate the date of the “Latest Update” at the bottom of the Terms of Use. We may also place a special notice on the Physioh Inc.  Services or communicate significant changes by email. Your continued use of the Physioh Inc.  Services following the posting of such changes constitutes your acceptance of the Amended Terms of Use.
Requirements for Use of the Physioh Inc. Services
The Physioh Inc.  Services are available for individuals aged 13 years or older. If you are 13 or older but under the age of 18, you should review this Agreement with your parent or guardian to make sure that you and your parent or guardian understand it.
Full use of the Physioh Inc.  Services requires compatible Physioh Inc. software and services, Internet access; may require periodic updates; and may be affected by the performance of these factors. The Physioh Inc.  Services is not a guaranteed part of any third party product or service offering, and no purchase or obtaining of any third party product or service shall be construed to represent or guarantee you access to the Physioh Inc.  Services.
Please see the section entitled “Precautions” below for recommended precautions related to your use of the Physioh Inc.  Products and the Physioh Inc.  Services.
Agency
You represent that you are using the Physioh Inc.  Services for its intended purpose. If you are registering or using the Physioh Inc.  Services on behalf of a company or other organization, you represent that you have authority to bind your employer by your actions.
Precautions
Content found on Physioh.com or through the Physioh Inc.  Services is for informational purposes only and is not intended to replace the relationship between you and your physician or other medical provider. We are not a licensed medical care provider and are not claiming to diagnose, examine, or treat medical conditions of any kind, or in determining the effect of any specific exercise on a medical condition. You should always consult a physician before starting a fitness program, changing your diet or if you have any questions regarding a medical condition. Never disregard professional medical advice or delay in seeking it because of something you have read on or through the Physioh Inc. Services. You should consult with your physician before following any training instructions you receive through the Physioh Inc. Services or participating in any event announced on or through the Physioh Inc. Services.
Not all exercises or activities described on the Physioh Inc. Services are suitable for everyone. You should understand that when participating in any exercise or exercise program, there is the possibility of physical injury and/or death. Because physical exercise can subject you to risk of serious injury and/or death and following suggestions on health might have different impacts on different people, we urge you to obtain a physical examination from a doctor before using any health coaching, exercise program or participating in any exercise activity in general.
If you think you may have a medical emergency, call your physician or 911 immediately. If you feel discomfort or pain, immediately stop the activity causing such discomfort or pain. People who have Type 1 diabetes or other adverse medical or nutritional conditions should not use the Physioh Inc. Services unless such use is directed and closely monitored by a physician. By using the Physioh Inc. Services, you represent that you have received consent from your physician to participate in the programs, workouts, and exercises described on the Physioh Inc. Services.
Similarly accessing videos online or receiving email is subject to risk of viruses and security risk of your electronic devices and computer. You agree that by participating with Physioh Inc. programs and following suggestions recommended in Physioh Inc. Beta Site or later versions, you do so entirely at your own risk. We are not responsible for any health problems that may result from training programs, products, or events you learn about through the Physioh Inc. Services.
Any recommendation for changes in diet including the use of food supplements, weight reduction and/or body building enhancement products, exercise, sleep or stress relieving exercise are entirely your responsibility and you should consult a physician prior to undergoing any dietary or food supplement changes. You agree that you are voluntarily participating in these activities and using these exercises and information and assume all risks including injury, illness, loss of job, or death.
Information on the Physioh Inc. Services
We try to provide helpful and accurate information on the Physioh Inc. Services, but we make no endorsement, representation or warranty of any kind about any information, services or recommendations made available through the Physioh Inc. Services. We are not responsible for the accuracy, reliability, effectiveness, or correct use of information you receive through the Physioh Inc.  Services. If you rely on any information provided by Physioh Inc. , Physioh Inc.  employees, or others appearing on or contributing content to the Physioh Inc.  Services, you do so solely at your own risk.
User-Generated Content
You hereby grant to Physioh Inc.  a perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free license, with the right to sublicense, to reproduce, distribute, transmit, publicly perform, publicly display, digitally perform, modify, create derivative works of, and otherwise use and commercially exploit any text, photographs or other data and information you submit to the Physioh Inc.  Services (collectively, “User Generated Content”) in any media now existing or hereafter developed, including without limitation on websites, in audio format, and in any print media format. “User Generated Content” includes but is not limited to content posted on message board posts, blogs, journals, food and recipe submissions and user comments. You hereby waive any rights of publicity and privacy with respect to the User Generated Content and any other legal or moral rights that might preclude Physioh Inc.’s use of the User Generated Content or require your permission for Physioh Inc.  to use the User Generated Content. You agree not to assert any claim, whether based on tort, contract, or other legal theory, against Physioh Inc. or its sublicensees relating to Physioh Inc.’s or its sublicensees’ use of the User Generated Content, and you hereby release Physioh Inc.  and its sublicensees from any such claims. You represent that your User Generated Content: (1) will not infringe any third party’s copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary rights; (2) will not violate any law, statute, ordinance or regulation; (3) will not be obscene or contain child pornography; (4) will not contain any viruses, worms, time bombs or other computer programming code that is intended to damage, detrimentally interfere with, surreptitiously intercept or expropriate any system, data or information; (5) will not violate any third party’s rights of publicity or privacy; and (6) will not be defamatory, unlawfully threatening or harassing, harmful to minors in any way, or otherwise offensive or inappropriate. You are responsible for complying with all laws applicable to your User Generated Content.
Registration and Password; Privacy Policy
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your login information and password. You shall be responsible for all uses of your login information, whether or not authorized by you. You agree to immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of your login information or password. Physioh Inc. cannot and does not assume any responsibility or liability for any information submitted by someone who has fraudulently accessed your Physioh Inc.  account or for any third party’s fraudulent use or misuse of information submitted by you.

You represent that the information that you provide about yourself as requested in the Physioh Inc.  account registration form (the “Registration Data”) is accurate and complete, and you agree to update your account information, as necessary, including providing Physioh Inc.  with your current email address, so that you may receive notifications and other account-related communications.
The Physioh Inc.  Services are subject to the Physioh Inc.  Privacy Policy, which can be found at www.Physioh.com/privacy.
Ownership of the Physioh Inc. Services
Except for the User Generated Content, the Physioh Inc. Services and all aspects thereof, including all copyrights, trademarks, and other intellectual property rights therein, are owned by Physioh Inc.  or its licensors. You acknowledge that the Physioh Inc.  Services and any underlying technology used in connection with the Physioh Inc.  Services contain Physioh Inc. ‘s intellectual property and proprietary information. You may not reproduce, distribute, modify or create derivative works of, publicly display (including by framing any content), or commercially exploit any part of the Physioh Inc.  Services except as necessary to view the content therein and to create a reasonable number of copies of portions of such content (without modification) for your personal, non-commercial use. All rights in the Physioh Inc.  Services not expressly granted to you by Physioh Inc.  are retained by Physioh Inc.  and its licensors.

If you violate any of these Terms of Use, your permission to use the Physioh Inc.  Services automatically terminates and you must immediately destroy any copies you have made of any portion of the Physioh Inc.  Services.
Email Rules
Some of our users will make their email addresses available if they wish to converse with other users with similar interests or goals. If you use this information, you agree not to transmit “spam” or other unwanted solicitations, or any material that is harassing, threatening, offensive, obscene, abusive, harmful, defamatory, invasive of another’s privacy, infringing of another’s intellectual property rights, or illegal. Users found using email information in this manner may have their user accounts terminated. We are not responsible for the content of email messages sent to you by our users or from third parties.
Copyrighted Materials
You agree that any materials posted by you shall not infringe or violate the rights of any other party or violate any laws, contribute to or encourage infringing or otherwise unlawful conduct, or otherwise be obscene, objectionable, or in poor taste. You also agree that you have obtained all necessary rights and licenses required to allow the posting of any content posted by You.
If you feel that any content posted on the Physioh Inc.  Services infringes your copyrights or other intellectual property rights, please notify us by sending an email to admin@physioh.com.
User Indemnification of Physioh Inc.
Upon request by us, you agree to defend, indemnify and hold Physioh Inc. , and Physioh.com’s partners, affiliates, service providers, licensors, officers, directors, employees and agents harmless from and against any and all losses, liabilities, damages and costs, including but not limited to reasonable legal and accounting fees, arising from any claims, actions or demands related to or alleged to relate to: (a) your use of the Physioh Inc.  Services, including any User Generated Content you post, store, reproduce, display, or distribute via the Physioh Inc.  Services; (b) your violation of the Terms of Use; or (c) your violation of any intellectual property or other third party rights or any applicable law in connection with your use of the Physioh Inc.  Services. We reserve the right to assume control of the defense of any third party claim that is subject to indemnification by you, in which event you will cooperate with us in asserting and available defenses.
You expressly agree to release and discharge the trainer or instructor or persons involved with Physioh Inc.  from any and all claims or causes of action and you agree to voluntarily give up or waive any right that you may otherwise have to bring a legal action against the trainer or instructor or persons involved with Physioh Inc.  for personal injury or property damage or loss of job or status at work. To the extent that statute or case law does not prohibit releases for negligence, this release is also for negligence. If any portion of this release from liability shall be deemed by a Court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, then the remainder of this release from liability shall remain in full force and effect and the offending provision or provisions severed here from. You acknowledge that you have carefully read this “waiver and release” and fully understand that it is a release of liability if you decide to enroll in Physioh Inc. . By agreeing to receive and follow the provided Physioh Inc.  services or by signing this release, you acknowledge that you understand its content and that this release cannot be modified orally.
User Conduct
If we determine that any user is not using the Physioh Inc.  Services responsibly, we have the right (but not the obligation) to remove, edit, block, or delete such user’s transmissions, User Generated Content, or use of the Physioh Inc.  Services. We also have the right (but not the obligation) to suspend or terminate your access to Physioh.com or other parts of the Physioh Inc.  Services, or delete information you have posted to the Physioh Inc.  Services, without prior notice if you engage in any conduct that we believe, in our sole discretion: (a) violates any provision of the Terms of Use, (b) violates the Community Guidelines, (c) is offensive to other users, (d) violates the rights of Physioh Inc.  or third parties, or (e) could cause Physioh Inc.  liability. Without limiting the foregoing, upon any termination of your account or access to the Physioh Inc.  Services we may delete all User Generated Content and other information related to your Community Pages. If Physioh Inc.  suspects that your Registration Data is inaccurate or incomplete, we may suspend or terminate your account.
Changes to Physioh Inc. Services
Physioh Inc. may change or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, any feature or component of the Physioh Inc.  Services at any time without further notice. You agree that Physioh Inc. shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of any feature or component of the Physioh Inc.  Services.
Third Party Services
The Physioh Inc. Services may provide links or references to websites operated by third parties. We do not monitor or investigate such websites and we are not responsible for the content, functionality, or practices of such websites. Inclusion of links to third party websites on our Physioh Inc.  Services does not imply approval or endorsement of the linked website by us. If you decide to leave our Physioh Inc.  Services and access these third party websites, you do so at your own risk. Physioh Inc. suggests that you read the terms of use and privacy policies (if any) on those third party websites. You agree that Physioh Inc.  has no liability for any damage or loss of any type that is a result of your use of a third party website.
Content and Warranty Disclaimer
THE WEBSITE IS PROVIDED BY PHYSIOH INC. AND ITS AFFILIATES “AS IS.” NEITHER PHYSIOH INC. NOR ITS PARTNERS, SUPPLIERS, OR AFFILIATES MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THE WEBSITE, ITS CONTENTS, OR ANY INFORMATION MADE AVAILABLE BY OR THROUGH THE WEBSITE. IN ADDITION, Physioh Inc. AND ITS PARTNERS DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE WEBSITE, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, TITLE, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. FURTHERMORE, Physioh Inc. DOES NOT WARRANT THAT USE OF THE WEBSITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, AVAILABLE AT ANY TIME OR FROM ANY PARTICULAR LOCATION, SECURE OR ERROR-FREE, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THE WEBSITE IS FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER POTENTIALLY HARMFUL COMPONENTS.
Limitation of Liability
IN NO EVENT WILL PHYSIOH INC.  BE LIABLE FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THOSE RESULTING FROM LOST PROFITS, LOST DATA OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) ARISING OUT OF THE USE, INABILITY TO USE, OR THE RESULTS OF USE OF THE WEBSITE, WHETHER SUCH DAMAGES ARE BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY AND WHETHER OR NOT Physioh Inc. HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. PHYSIOH INC. and ITS AFFILIATES, PROVIDERS AND PARTNERS HAVE NO LIABILITY WHATSOEVER ARISING FROM THE WEBSITE.
General
The Terms of Use and the resolution of any dispute related to the Terms of Use or the Physioh Inc.  Services shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without respect to its conflict of laws principles. You shall bring any legal action or proceeding against Physioh Inc.  related to the Physioh Inc.  Services exclusively in a federal or state court of competent jurisdiction sitting in Delaware, and you agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of such courts. If any provision(s) of the Terms of Use is found to be contrary to law, then such provision(s) will be construed, as nearly as possible, to reflect the intentions of the parties with the other provisions remaining in full force and effect. Physioh Inc. ‘s failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of the Terms of Use will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision unless acknowledged and agreed to by Physioh Inc.  in writing. These terms and conditions constitute the entire agreement between you and Physioh Inc.  with respect to the subject matter herein and supersede any and all prior or contemporaneous oral or written agreements. You may not assign this agreement to any other party and any attempt to do so is void.
This policy was last updated on June 24, 2014.